Finally, one other step that's really
important is to think about load testing when you're doing containers.
So if you think about load testing, what it does is,
it allows you to simulate what's going to happen in a production environment.
One load test tool that's a really powerful load test tool is locust.
What locust does, it allows you to write tests in
Python and also inherently it's distributed and it's scalable,
and it can test any system.
So that's another powerful feature about containers,
is because it's really easy to replicate the production environment.
You can do load testing very easily with an exact same scenario that you'll be using in
production and you can verify that
your application's performance will be at the performance level that you expect.
There's many situations where,
let's say games in particular have launched and they
weren't able to fully test it before containers were available,
and then there was too much of a spike and
then the game was unavailable for several days.
So those kind of scenarios don't have to happen with containers,
as long as the best practices that we've discussed are followed,
you use getopts, you have actually completely validated your application
by doing architectural best practices and then you go
through and you do a final load test with something like locust.